TEXT
The Associated Press produces thousands of stories in text each day tailored to the interests of audiences in the United States and regionally around the world. In addition to full news reports, AP offers top world news in headline and summary form.

United States
National and State News

AP offers national-level general news, sports, business, entertainment and lifestyle products, plus separate reports for each state and the District of Columbia, covering major stories in breaking news, politics, sports and business. Reports are available in versions optimized for use in print, radio and TV broadcasts and digital media, and linked photos are available for many products. In addition to full news reports, AP offers top world news in headline and summary form.

Topical Reports

Along with products in the traditional news categories of sports, business, entertainment, politics and lifestyle, AP also offers content organized around narrower vertical categories, based on its news classification system. Standing categories include agriculture, education, energy, defense, crime, legal, medical and religion. Other topical products can be created on request.

Third-party Content

AP licenses and delivers third-party content from press release companies, transcript providers and other news agencies.

Broadcast-specific

AP NewsPower is a premiere text news service that provides TV and radio stations with ready-to-air copy that makes it simple to deliver breaking news, along with coverage of politics, business, entertainment, sports and weather.  For top stories, links are included to provide access to AP multimedia content (if licensed), and planning guides such as coverage rundowns, US state daybooks (as available), and news advisories to help you organize your broadcast. NewsPower is available 24 hours a day, with drive-time only delivery options. AP NewsPower Max provides the full broadcast wire, print wire stories, a daily event planner and the Washington Daybook.

AP PowerPrep is the prep resource for all radio talent and show producers. PowerPrep combines text and audio to give you the information needed to stay on top of the latest entertainment news and lifestyle stories important to your audience. PowerPrep is delivered Monday through Friday via the Internet, and comes with AP SoundDesk software, which provides digital audio storage, editing and playback.

International
AP text services provide fast and comprehensive coverage of all the top breaking international news stories. No one can match the AP for the breadth and speed of its news gathering.

Global News
News Text Report comprises an average of more than 3,500 unique stories per month, covering global general news and current affairs, such as:

Breaking news
General, political and financial news
Trials and court appearance, scandals
Crime, wars, protests
Natural and man-made disasters
Quirky news, human interest stories, science
Obituaries
News Text Report is an English-language text service available to all print, broadcast, online and mobile media platforms and publications. Not only will you get breaking news as it happens, but you will also receive an abundance of entertainment, business, sports and feature content. Stories vary from 130-word summaries to 1,500-word reports on the top stories, with regular updates provided on most stories.

Global Headline and Summary Streams
Global Headline and Summary Streams are brief headlines as news breaks, followed by ready-to-use story summaries. Meet your deadlines with concise news summaries for any platform or location. In addition, an alert service is provided for all news events, so you don’t miss a thing.

Regional
With regional news desks operating round the clock the stories you need are filed and updated by dedicated editorial teams in English, Arabic and Spanish.

Arabic News

AP coverage includes breaking news from around the world—with concentration on the Middle East—translated by our editorial staff for accuracy and objectivity. AP provides headlines, summaries and long stories, giving you access to more Arabic coverage than ever before.

Latin American News

AP delivers more than 300 stories each day that are regionally edited in Mexico City, covering general news, business, financial, sports and entertainment. AP also offers an English-language service aimed at Caribbean audiences and a Puerto Rican news service, including news from the Dominican Republic, in Spanish.

Visit www.aptn.com/text for further information.

Sign up for a no-obligation trial.